README.md, before:

# 'Oloquinho' Command Line Sound
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="./oloquinho.jpg" height="300"/>
</div>

Play famous "Oloquinho meu" sound.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0hXSWDRrZ0

Built with the work of [Omaewa](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/omaewa) command line sound.

## Compatibility

- Linux
- Windows
- Mac

## Installing

Install globally:

    npm install -g oloquinho

## Running

With npm:

    npm install -g oloquinho
    oloquinho

Npx:

    npx oloquinho

Node script:

    import oloquinho from 'oloquinho';

    oloquinho();

## See also

 - [Faustão Errou](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/faustao-errou/)
 - [Omaewa](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/omaewa/)
 - [X-Files](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/xfiles/)
## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<table><tr><td align="center"><a href="http://luanorlandi.github.io"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6919329?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Luan Orlandi"/><br /><sub><b>Luan Orlandi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=luanorlandi" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://brorlandi.github.io"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1594658?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Bruno Orlandi"/><br /><sub><b>Bruno Orlandi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=BrOrlandi" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="http://victorperin.ninja"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5847145?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Victor Perin"/><br /><sub><b>Victor Perin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=victorperin" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/igoventura"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10341129?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Igo Ventura"/><br /><sub><b>Igo Ventura</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=igoventura" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/issues?q=author%3Aigoventura" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td></tr></table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

refactor: Changed old fork data

README.md, after:

# 'Rapaz' Command Line Sound
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

<div style="text-align: center">
    <img src="./xaropinho.jpg" height="300"/>
</div>

Play famous "RAPAZ" sound from Xaropinho.

This is a fork of the awesome [Oloquinho](https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho) project. Special thanks to their team for the original implementation!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1uyJQ8tusY

## Compatibility

- Linux
- Windows
- Mac

## Installing

Install globally:

    npm install -g xaropinho

## Running

With npm:

    npm install -g xaropinho
    xaropinho

Npx:

    npx xaropinho

Node script:

    import xaropinho from 'xaropinho';

    xaropinho();

## See also

 - [Original Oloquinho Project](https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/)
 - [Faustão Errou](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/faustao-errou/)
 - [Omaewa](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/omaewa/)
 - [X-Files](https://github.com/BrOrlandi/xfiles/)

## Credits

This project is a fork of [Oloquinho](https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho). Many thanks to the original contributors:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<table><tr><td align="center"><a href="http://luanorlandi.github.io"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6919329?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Luan Orlandi"/><br /><sub><b>Luan Orlandi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=luanorlandi" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://brorlandi.github.io"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1594658?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Bruno Orlandi"/><br /><sub><b>Bruno Orlandi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=BrOrlandi" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="http://victorperin.ninja"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5847145?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Victor Perin"/><br /><sub><b>Victor Perin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=victorperin" title="Code">💻</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/igoventura"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10341129?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Igo Ventura"/><br /><sub><b>Igo Ventura</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/commits?author=igoventura" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/oloquinho/oloquinho/issues?q=author%3Aigoventura" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td></tr></table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
